{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red29\green29\blue29;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red52\green54\blue60;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c26275\c27451\c30196;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20980\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://duke.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9SpoYS4568JtEup"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://duke.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9SpoYS4568JtEup}}
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - submitted at 2:11:40 am on 29 July 2020
\f2\b \cf5 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
Hyperlink to more information/story link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dukechronicle.com/article/2020/06/duke-university-hackduke-alum-journey-hackathon-social-good-coronavirus"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 https://rallyto.us/founder}}
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \ulnone Hey Duke Alumni Association! I had contacted some Duke Alumni Cherie Michaud for Duke Northern California and Erica Gavin for Duke NY told me we can send in stories about ourselves, so I would like to send in my own story for your consideration. Y\cf3 \cb4 ou can visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rallyto.us/founder/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul https://rallyto.us/founder}} for a quick Wikipedia-style page with links that provide supporting information, as well as a Duke Chronicle article ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dukechronicle.com/article/2020/06/duke-university-hackduke-alum-journey-hackathon-social-good-coronavirus"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 https://www.dukechronicle.com/article/2020/06/duke-university-hackduke-alum-journey-hackathon-social-good-coronavirus}}
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 )
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \ulnone  by Anna Zolotor from June 4.\cf3 \cb4  I\'92ve also added the full backstory since many relevant details are often left out, but may be useful in this case because they all point to how deeply Duke has impacted me leading up to this point and will continue doing so.\
\
\'97\
\
Before March 12, I had spent the previous three years launching hackathons all over the South Central United States because I felt someone had to transform the innovation desert, but I was convinced that I was the only person who had that ability.\
\
I was born in Tulsa, grew up in Northwest Arkansas, and attended high school in Texas, so I was already highly aware of the massive disparity between what many of my Duke classmates had at their high schools and what I had in my part of the US in terms of the availability and accessibility of quality educational opportunities and resources, especially for technology and entrepreneurship. Even then, I had managed to find my own way into Duke, figured out how to improve my GPA from a 2.3 as a freshman to a 3.3 by graduation, worked my way through the recession, and traveled through places like China, Europe, Mongolia, and Australia. In contrast, when I graduated from high school, many of my classmates had to choose between being stuck in Waco and joining the military to escape and get a shot at a real life.\
\
In fact, in Summer 2004, just before my last year of high school, long after the end of major combat operations in Afghanistan and the capture of Saddam Hussein, I was still seriously considering the military as possibly the only realistic option for escaping Waco. I had several serious conversations with older classmates who had been old enough to serve in the heat of the wars because I had not yet realized I had a realistic shot at getting into a top school, especially Duke. After all, my high school had run out of math and science my junior year, and no one in the administration even understood what I wanted for my university experience. All I ever heard about were local schools and community colleges.\
\
Even worse, I didn\'92t have any mentors or role models, so I had to figure out everything on my own and blaze my own trails. I had been able to do that and celebrated my 30th birthday scuba diving in the Great Barrier Reef, but when I was back in Waco for Christmas and my parents\'92 anniversary, I realized I had to do something for the new generation of high school students. Someone had to finally pave new roads so no one else would ever again have to come from humble backgrounds and forge their own paths in life on their own. After all, how many other students had dreams as big as mine, but wasn\'92t able to make it out? How many of my own classmates were waking up before sunrise everyday to work a dead end job when I was able to stay out and party late into the night in cities like Tokyo, Sydney, San Francisco, and London? And if I was convinced that I was the only person who could make a change because of everything Duke taught me, but I didn\'92t do anything about it, when would someone finally step up to take the shot? I knew I had to come back to Waco and finally create what I wish I had in high school so that future students would have more choices and better options than my classmates and I had.\
\
For the past three years, I drove all around Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Texas to create, revive, and support hackathons, train and mentor organizers, and help students launch their own start-ups or gain employment at places like Google, NASA, Amazon, and Capital One. I\'92ve impacted every hackathon and organizer in the South Central United States, and HackDuke has influenced every major school.\
\
1.	Tulsa University (Tulsa, Oklahoma) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 4,682\cf6  students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 2.	Oklahoma State University (Stillwater, Oklahoma) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 25,594 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 3.	Oklahoma State University (Stillwater, Oklahoma) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 10,177 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
4.	University of Central Oklahoma (Edmond, Oklahoma) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 17,239\cf6  students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 5.	Rose State College (Midwest City, Oklahoma) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 10,295 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
6.	University of Oklahoma (Norman, Oklahoma) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 31,678 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
7.	University of Arkansas (Fayetteville, Arkansas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 27,558 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 8.	Texas Tech University (Lubbock, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 36,551\cf6  students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 9.	Texas Woman\'92s University (Denton, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 18,051 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
10.	University of North Texas (Denton, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 42,303 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
11.	Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science (Denton, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 374 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
12.	University of Texas at Dallas (Richardson, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 29,543 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
13.	Southern Methodist University (Dallas, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 11,739 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
14.	Texas Christian University (Fort Worth, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 10,489 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
15.	University of Texas at Arlington (Arlington, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 48,527 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 16.	Tarleton State University (Stephenville, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 13,011 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 17.	University of Texas at Tyler (Tyler, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 10,527\cf6  students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 18.	University of Texas at El Paso (El Paso, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 27,307 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
19.	Baylor University (Waco, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 16,787 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
20.	University of Texas (Austin, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 56,056 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 21.	Texas State University (San Marcos, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 41,118\cf6  students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
22.	Texas A&M University (College Station, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 68,603 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 23.	Sam Houston State University (Huntsville, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 21,597 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
24.	Rice University (Houston, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 6,740 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
25.	University of Houston (Houston, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 45,364 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 26.	University of Houston - Downtown (Houston, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 17,156\cf6  students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 27.	University of Houston - Clear Lake (Houston, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 8,961\cf6  students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
28.	Texas Southern University (Houston, Texas) (HBCU) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 10,514 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 29.	Lamar University (Beaumont, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 19,665 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
30.	North American University (Stafford, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 333 students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
31.	University of Texas at San Antonio (San Antonio, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 32,594 students\

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 32.	University of Texas Rio Grande Valley (Edinburg, Texas) - 
\f3\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 29,619\cf6  students
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \
\
I\'92ve connected companies like Google, Facebook, Samsung, JP Morgan, American Airlines, etc. to 32 major schools in this region with a total enrollment of over 750,000 students, as well as countless other high schools, community colleges, and universities. I\'92ve also had students from as far as Harvard, UC Berkeley, and University of Waterloo in Canada attend my events.\
\
Eventually, starting in Spring 2019, I began passing these events off to the students I trained for each campus and began exploring a national expansion. During this time, I was even highlighted on the Harvard Business School Online Blog (
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 https://online.hbs.edu/blog/post/connext-2019-takeaways)
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \ulnone ! In February 2020, I had just passed off my last event (HackSMU), finalized plans to spread hackathons across the entire United States (with a focus on underprivileged communities) and even supported Reboot Hack, the first event in Iceland, so I was ready to immediately launch weekly online hackathons when the ACC Tournament shut down on the morning of March 12. After all, my original plan had been to watch us win our sixth national championship, so I needed something new to do through March.\
\
On March 12, I launched HackCOVID (https://hackcovid.org) as a response to the growing pandemic crisis. This was the day before the coronavirus national emergency declaration on March 13, so I\'92m proud to say I acted before the government. I knew that education was about to be badly disrupted for many students, especially the underprivileged. Since I had attended a high school that ran out of math and science my junior year and did very little to prepare me for college in general, especially a school on the level of Duke, I knew I had to do something, and HackCOVID was that solution. I had been doing that for four weeks when the European Commission (https://euvsvirus.org/owner) asked me to join the EUvsVirus team. During this time, I served as the CTO, a Challenge Leader for the Digital Finance domain, and the National Curator of the United States. In short, my responsibilities covered just about everything: technology, logistics, operations, education, marketing, finance, business development, community management, personnel recruitment, etc. Eventually, as you can see in the links I provided and the European Commission\'92s news releases, as well as other links, on the EUvsVirus press page (https://www.euvsvirus.org/press), we gathered over 30,000 participants from nearly 150 countries and inspired 2,184 innovative solutions for the Hackathon, then helped our winners connect with more than 500 partners from the public and private sectors to create 2,500 new partnerships. Every number set a new world record.\
\
Now, I\'92ve recruited a team (including Duke students and alums, some through the Phoenix Project!) based in the United States to create RALLYtoUS, which will be a truly global online initiative by establishing multiple schedules for various time zones and providing localized support for several languages. Our focus is on creating new opportunities and resources for students in high school and college, as well as recent graduates, to replace what they lost to the coronavirus pandemic shutdowns and the resulting second recession in hopes of helping them learn key skills, build professional networks, create innovative solutions, and re-open doors to confidently compete for college applications, scholarships, internships, and full-time jobs just as the new school year starts. We\'92ve already gained support from the House of Representatives\'92 Congressional App Challenge (https://www.congressionalappchallenge.us) and are hoping to garner more support from companies like Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, Netflix, etc., so we can support underprivileged students through grassroots nonprofit organizations and key community leaders, such as:\
\
* Emily Krzyzewski Center (https://www.emilyk.org), where I tutored students for many years, even taking time off from my jobs to fly back and volunteer as a coach at their various basketball camps\
* HBCUs across America, such as Paul Quinn College, for which two-time Duke alum Michael Sorrell serves as President ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://today.duke.edu/2018/09/founders-day-ceremony-honor-paul-quinn-president-michael-sorrell"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 https://today.duke.edu/2018/09/founders-day-ceremony-honor-paul-quinn-president-michael-sorrell}}
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 )
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \ulnone \
* The Battier Take Charge Foundation (https://www.takechargefoundation.org), which mentors underprivileged students in Miami, Houston, Memphis, and Detroit\
* Duke Phoenix Project ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dukeaml.com/thephoenixproject"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 https://www.dukeaml.com/thephoenixproject}})\
* Good City Mentors (http://www.goodcitymentors.org), which mentors underprivileged students in Los Angeles\
* Project 150 (https://www.project150.org), which supports homeless high school students in Las Vegas\
\
Much of RALLYtoUS is designed to reflect the values of Duke University, and this event will be free of charge for all students above the age of 13 with an interest in using technology and entrepreneurship to create social impact in various areas, such as civic, education, empowerment, environment, health, etc. Hopefully, I\'92ll have more great news to share with you in the near future!}